refactor(experimental): assert single sending signer inside signAndSend function (#2852)
solana-labs/solana-web3.js: packages/signers/README.md

-   `TransactionModifyingSigner`, if no other `TransactionModifyingSigner` exists.
-   `TransactionPartialSigner`, otherwise.

The provided transaction must contain exactly one `TransactionSendingSigner` inside its account metas. If more than one composite signers implement the `TransactionSendingSigner` interface, one of them will be selected as the sending signer. Otherwise, if multiple `TransactionSendingSigners` must be selected, the function will throw an error.

> If you'd like to a single `TransactionSendingSigner` can be selected from the provided transaction _before_ calling this function, you may use the `assertIsTransactionWithSingleSendingSigner` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like assert that a transaction makes use of exactly one `TransactionSendingSigner` _before_ calling this function, you may use the `assertIsTransactionWithSingleSendingSigner` function.
```
